Create Kafka Consumer for Selfcare Messages Filtering and Processing (#1789)
pagopa/interop-be-monorepo: packages/selfcare-client-users-updater-consumer/README.md

Reviewer: Overall for generic naming convention adopted,
the `selfcare-client-users-updater-consumer` sounds like a middleway between its purpose and subject... let's try to analyze each parts:
selfcare - message origin 👍🏻
client - it's the task target but too generic, it's for Client Admin or generic update for user's in client ❓ 
users -  entity provided by selfcare, I suggest to hold it near its origin like  "selfcare-user" ❓ 
updater - describe it's task 👍🏻 
consumer - service category 👍🏻 

I don't know if this consumer could change it's behaviors in future, but for the current purpose I suggest something like "selfcare-users-admin-client-updater-consumer"

Reviewer 2: The name was not written in the SRS? 
It should be right `selfcare-client-users-updater` under suggestion of @AsterITA, or did I miss something?

Author: Have I to remove 'consumer' word? The other consumers have names like 'compute-agreements-consumer'

> # Selfcare client users updater

Reviewer: Following the criteria in a previous comment 
```suggestion
# Selfcare admin client users updater
```

Reviewer 3: I would keep the original since in the future this consumer will handle other actions related to users too

Author: Exactly! It was decided to keep this consumer generic since the other operations it might be able to perform in the future are not yet known.

Reviewer: We can discuss about that later, for the moment we can leave as is.

This service is responsible for managing updates to client user values.

## Main Features

> - Removing the admin role from a client for a user who is no longer an admin in a specific tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removes the user as an admin from related clients if the user is no longer an admin in a specific tenant.
```

> - Managing users who are no longer part of a tenant.

Reviewer: `Managing` sounds more generic 🤔 which is the action if users is was removed from tenant?

> - Managing users who are no longer part of a tenant.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
I would delete this too, since for now it only manages the admins

> ## Technologies Used
> 
> - **Node.js**
> - **TypeScript**
> - **Kafka** for message handling
> - **Vitest** for testing

Reviewer: Redundant and it's difficult to sync with future evolutions
```suggestion
```
